#203 rework make targets naming (#230)
claranet/terraform-signalfx-detectors: docs/development.md

First of all you have to [setup your environment](./environment.md) to have every required 
dependencies available to run useful commands detailed below.

You should get a ready env where you can run `make` commands or directly use the underlying 
[scripts](./scripts.md) or even some tools available in the container like `doctoc` or `j2`.

## TLDR

This documentation tries to be exhaustive and describe each:

* atomic `make` targets (which use helper scripts to automate)
* check done by the CI which should be success
* common type of change possible on this repository

It allows to understand and link what type of change requires what `make` target to pass 
the corresponding CI check.

Most of contributions are related to [detectors change type](#detectors) and do no require 
fully understand and know all possible targets, scripts and check.

The essential things to know are:

* to understand lot of the files are auto generated and checked by the CI so you have to 
respect this.
* to never edit a `*-gen*` file or the `README.md` in modules, update its underlying yaml 
configuration files in `conf/` directory of the module.

> * as soon as you make a change on a module, run `make update-module` command.

Author: ```suggestion
* as soon as you make any change on a module, run `make update-module` command to update every generated files.
```

### Example

A common contribution which cover all required targets for most of detectors related changes 
is the creation of a new module of detectors:

```bash
$ echo "Set required input information as environment variables"
$
$ SOURCE_TYPE="smart-agent" # or "internal", "integration", "organization", "otel-collector"

> $ MODULE_NAME="my-new-module" # use comma separated string to name your module

Author: ```suggestion
$ MODULE_NAME="my-new-module" # use dash separated word to name your module
```

$ MODULE_DIR="${SOURCE_TYPE}_${MODULE_NAME}" # the directory is source+name underscore separated
$ METRIC_NAME="my_metric_used_for_heartbeat_detector"
$
$ echo "Init a new module creating ready directory to welcome detectors"
$ make init-module ${MODULE_DIR} # same as "make init-module ${SOURCE_TYPE} ${MODULE_NAME}"
$
$ echo "Create a new detector using the heartbeat sample configuration and updating module and metric"
$ cp scripts/templates/examples/heartbeat-simple.yaml modules/${MODULE_DIR}/conf/00-heartbeat.yaml
$ sed -i "s/^\(module:\).*$/\1 ${MODULE_NAME}/" modules/${MODULE_DIR}/conf/00-heartbeat.yaml
$ sed -i "s/^\([[:space:]]*metric:\).*$/\1 \"${METRIC_NAME}\"/" modules/${MODULE_DIR}/conf/00-heartbeat.yaml
$ 

> $ echo "Full update the module (doc, code, add/remove/change detectors ..)"

Author: ```suggestion
$ echo "Full update the module (doc, terraform code, add/remove/change detectors...)"
```

$ make update-module ${MODULE_DIR}
```

That is all! and from now you will have to run `make update-module` before to push any change, it 

> will take care to regenerate code, documentation and even check the module to be sure to pass the CI.

Author: ```suggestion
will take care of regenerating code, documentation and even check and validate the module to pass the CI.
```

If this is not enough for your change or if you want to fully understand all capabilities and dependencies 
you will have to read the rest of this documentation.

## Make targets

> You seen above the `update-module` and `init-module` `make` targets which are very common 

Author: ```suggestion
You have seen above the `update-module` and `init-module` `make` targets which are very common 
```
